NovaCart v19.4 — Payout Ledger + Full Catalog Search

The earlier MFA, payment, seller, design and form fixes are included.
Node.js 20+ and PostgreSQL are required. node_modules is included.

UPDATE

1. Keep a backup of your current project and database. Extract this ZIP into
   a new folder and copy your existing private .env into it.
2. Start your existing PostgreSQL database.
3. Run these commands in the new project folder:
      npm run db:migrate
      npm test
      npm start
4. Hard-refresh the storefront and admin pages (Ctrl+F5).

The migration is REQUIRED: it adds the payout allocation ledger and indexes.
It preserves your existing sellers, products, orders and payout records.
If dependencies need restoring: npm ci

PAYOUT BEHAVIOR

- Only confirmed paid orders qualify. An order cannot be allocated twice.
- Repeating a seller/period request returns the existing payout record.
- Overlapping periods can include newly eligible orders, while skipping
  orders already allocated. Failed payouts retain allocations for retry.
- The admin payout control asks for the reference of a completed transfer.
  It records a ledger status; it does not transfer money.
- For delivered COD orders, use Admin > Orders > Record COD collection
  after receiving the cash and keep the collection receipt reference.
- Old aggregate payout records, refunds and returns may require accounting
  reconciliation. Read FIXES-v19.4.md before processing historical payouts.
  Never reset a paid record just to generate another payout.

Payout generation endpoint remains POST /api/seller/payouts/generate,
with JSON periodStart and periodEnd (YYYY-MM-DD), the seller session cookie
and the session CSRF header. Period boundaries use UTC dates.

CATALOG

Load more, search, categories and sort now request the full active catalog.
Saved cart/wishlist products are restored even when outside the first page.

TESTS

  npm test                       Complete suite
  npm run payout-catalog:check    Payout and catalog checks

Tests use local fixtures and an isolated embedded database; they do not
modify your store database or send money. Read VALIDATION-v19.4.md.
